QUOTES

A backslash is what you use to quote a single character as text without exploiting any of its superpowers. It is strong.

echo i can haz cheezburger\?
in that example the backslash actually does nothing! because echo never does anything but spew plain ol' text I guess

unless you had a bunch of files matching the pattern 'cheezburger' as I have so graciously set up for you, future andrew

echo This could be \
a very \
long line\!
//see, it even works on enters\!

Enclosing characters in single quotes (') preserves the literal value of each character within the quotes. A single quote may not occur between single quotes, even when preceded by a backslash. These are referred to as 'STRONG' quotes.

Enclosing characters in double quotes (") preserves the literal value of all characters within the quotes, with the exception of $, `, \, and, when history expansion is enabled, !. The characters $ and ` retain their special meaning within double quotes (see Shell Expansions). The backslash retains its special meaning only when followed by one of the following characters: $, `, ", \, or newline. Within double quotes, backslashes that are followed by one of these characters are removed. Backslashes preceding characters without a special meaning are left unmodified. A double quote may be quoted within double quotes by preceding it with a backslash. If enabled, history expansion will be performed unless an ! appearing in double quotes is escaped using a backslash. The backslash preceding the ! is not removed. These are referred to as "WEAK" quotes.

A command placed between backticks is executed and replaced by the output of the command before anything else happends in the multifaceted command you just barked at your computer. It's kinda a pipelining thing. Backticks could, for example, be useful for tacking the output of a command on after the output of an earlier command.

For example, this

MYVAR=sometext
echo "double quotes gives you $MYVAR"
echo 'single quotes gives you $MYVAR'

will give this:

double quotes gives you sometext
single quotes gives you $MYVAR





